README.md, before:


# Project 2
- A solution to P2 in CS 315 by Wendall Roberts
- Made using Godot 3.5, and Paint.net
- Play the latest build [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/P2-waroberts/)
- *A* key to move right or *S* key to move left. Press *Space* to jump.

## Third Party Assets




***
## Project Report: Iteration 1

### Reflection


### Self-Assesment

- [X] D-1: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [ ] D-2: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [ ] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, in our course organization, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file, no unnecessary files tracked, and all commit messages following <a href="https://cbea.ms/git-commit/">our commit message style guide</a>.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [ ] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file, and you have satisfied all license requirements.
- [X] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game.
- [X] C-5: The game includes a player-controlled character, implemented as a <code>KinematicBody2D</code> and positioned in a conventional, <code>TileMap</code>-based, 2D-platforming world.
- [X] C-6: The player's character can move left and right, with its movement bounded by impassable tiles.
- [X] C-7: The player's character can jump up and onto tiles.
- [X] C-8: The player's character falls down when walking off a ledge.
- [ ] B-1: The project report is complete.
- [ ] B-2: The source code and project structure comply with <a href="https://www.gdquest.com/docs/guidelines/best-practices/godot-gdscript/">our adopted guidelines</a>.
- [ ] B-3: There is a sprite element in the level that the player can interact with, such as a collectible, an enemy, a book, or a switch.
- [X] B-4: The camera follows the character through a world that is larger than one screen.
- [ ] A-1: Generate neither warnings nor errors at runtime.
- [ ] A-2: Earn one star
- [X] ⭐ Animate the main character using eithera <code>AnimatedSprite</code> or cutout animation
- [ ] ⭐ Include parallax scrolling in the background.
- [X] ⭐ Include tiles that can be passed in one direction, such as being able to jump up through a tile and land atop it.

Commit message:

Add acknowledgements to README.md

README.md, after:


# Project 2
- A solution to P2 in CS 315 by Wendall Roberts
- Made using Godot 3.5, and Paint.net
- Play the latest build [here](https://bsu-cs315.github.io/P2-waroberts/)


## Features and Controls
- A key to move right or S key to move left. Press Space to jump.
- CheckPoints that allow for respawn at later locations in game. They are red and white.
- One way platforms that can be jumped through

## Third Party Assets




## Acknowledgements
- The one way platform tiles were drawn from the (Godot 2D platformer demo)[https://godotengine.org/asset-library/asset/120].

***
## Project Report: Iteration 1

### Reflection


### Self-Assesment

- [X] D-1: The repository contains a <code>README.md</code> file in its top-level directory.
- [ ] D-2: The project content is eligible for an <a href="https://www.esrb.org/ratings-guide/">ESRB Rating</a> of M or less.
- [ ] C-1: Your repository is well-formed, in our course organization, with an appropriate <code>.gitignore</code> file, no unnecessary files tracked, and all commit messages following <a href="https://cbea.ms/git-commit/">our commit message style guide</a>.
- [ ] C-2: Your release is tagged using <a href="https://semver.org/">semantic versioning</a> where the major version is zero, the minor version is the iteration number, the patch version is incremented as usual for each change made to the minor version, and the release name matches the release tag.
- [ ] C-3: You have a clear legal right to use all incorporated assets, the licenses for all third-party assets are tracked in the <code>README.md</code> file, and you have satisfied all license requirements.
- [X] C-4: The <code>README.md</code> contains instructions for how to play the game or such instructions are incorporated into the game.
- [X] C-5: The game includes a player-controlled character, implemented as a <code>KinematicBody2D</code> and positioned in a conventional, <code>TileMap</code>-based, 2D-platforming world.
- [X] C-6: The player's character  acan move left and right, with its movement bounded by impassable tiles.
- [X] C-7: The player's character can jump up and onto tiles.
- [X] C-8: The player's character falls down when walking off a ledge.
- [ ] B-1: The project report is complete.
- [ ] B-2: The source code and project structure comply with <a href="https://www.gdquest.com/docs/guidelines/best-practices/godot-gdscript/">our adopted guidelines</a>.
- [X] B-3: There is a sprite element in the level that the player can interact with, such as a collectible, an enemy, a book, or a switch.
- [X] B-4: The camera follows the character through a world that is larger than one screen.
- [ ] A-1: Generate neither warnings nor errors at runtime.
- [ ] A-2: Earn one star
- [X] ⭐ Animate the main character using eithera <code>AnimatedSprite</code> or cutout animation
- [ ] ⭐ Include parallax scrolling in the background.
- [X] ⭐ Include tiles that can be passed in one direction, such as being able to jump up through a tile and land atop it.
